FTC to Probe Facebook for Use of Personal Data
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-20/ftc-to-probe-facebook-for-use-of-personal-data
Patients regain sight after groundbreaking trial
http://www.bbc.com/news/health-43458365
Amazon Has Considered Buying Some Toys ‘R’ Us Stores
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-19/amazon-is-said-to-have-mulled-acquiring-some-toys-r-us-stores
Google News Initiative
https://newsinitiative.withgoogle.com/
Debugging Behind the Iron Curtain (2010)
http://archive.is/O70Rg
Both Facebook and Cambridge Analytica Threatened to Sue Journalists
https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20180318/00111439443/both-facebook-cambridge-analytica-threatened-to-sue-journalists-over-stories-cas-use-facebook-data.shtml
The ability to correct errors in GPLv2 compliance: the right thing to do
https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/ability-correct-errors-gplv2-compliance-right-thing-do
The Army’s costly quest for the perfect radio continues
https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2018/03/the-armys-costly-quest-for-the-perfect-radio-continues/
Diaphragmatic Breathing Exercises and Your Vagus Nerve (2017)
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-athletes-way/201705/diaphragmatic-breathing-exercises-and-your-vagus-nerve
In Search of God’s Perfect Proofs
https://www.quantamagazine.org/gunter-ziegler-and-martin-aigner-seek-gods-perfect-math-proofs-20180319/
Salesforce in advanced talks to buy MuleSoft – sources
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mulesoft-m-a-salesforce-exclusive/exclusive-salesforce-in-advanced-talks-to-buy-mulesoft-sources-idUSKBN1GW24N?feedType=RSS&feedName=businessNews&utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=Social&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+reuters%2FbusinessNews+%28Business+News%29
Breaking the Ledger Crypto Wallet Security Model
https://saleemrashid.com/2018/03/20/breaking-ledger-security-model/
Reflections on founder mental health, coaching, a decade after losing my mom
http://initialized.com/zero-lives-remaining-reflecting-on-the-last-10-years-since-losing-my-mom
Show HN: Word2Bits – Quantized Word Vectors
https://github.com/agnusmaximus/Word2Bits
Utterly horrifying: ex-Facebook insider says covert data harvesting was routine
https://www.theguardian.com/news/2018/mar/20/facebook-data-cambridge-analytica-sandy-parakilas
Types, and Why You Should Care [video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0arFPIQatCU
The NSA Worked to “Track Down” Bitcoin Users, Snowden Documents Reveal
https://theintercept.com/2018/03/20/the-nsa-worked-to-track-down-bitcoin-users-snowden-documents-reveal/
Facebook’s Surveillance Machine
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/19/opinion/facebook-cambridge-analytica.html
N26 raises $160M from Tencent and Allianz
https://techcrunch.com/2018/03/20/n26-raises-160-million-from-tencent-and-allianz/
Toxic management cost an award-winning game studio its best developers
https://www.theverge.com/2018/3/20/17130056/telltale-games-developer-layoffs-toxic-video-game-industry
The Brown One, the Honey Eater, the Shaggy Coat, the Destroyer (1998)
http://www.charlierussellbears.com/LinguisticArchaeology.html
Gallery of programming UIs
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MD-CgzODFWzdpnYXr8bEgysfDmb8PDV6iCAjH5JIvaI
Frivolous, Empty, and Perfectly Delightful
https://www.claremont.org/crb/article/frivolous-empty-and-perfectly-delightful/
How Twitch Learned to Make Better Predictions About Everything (2017)
https://hbr.org/2017/05/how-our-company-learned-to-make-better-predictions-about-everything
The Master of the Murder Castle (1943)
https://harpers.org/archive/1943/12/the-master-of-the-murder-castle/?single=1
SpaceX indicates it will manufacture the BFR rocket in Los Angeles
https://arstechnica.com/science/2018/03/spacex-indicates-it-will-manufacture-the-bfr-rocket-in-los-angeles/
Zuckerberg summoned to House Of Commons inquiry
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43474760
Decoding Parkinson's: Scientists Aim to Put All the Clues on One Map
https://undark.org/article/decoding-parkinsons/
What is wrong with variational autoencoders?
http://akosiorek.github.io/ml/2018/03/14/what_is_wrong_with_vaes.html
FTC to Probe Facebook for Use of Personal Data
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-20/ftc-to-probe-facebook-for-use-of-personal-data
Patients regain sight after groundbreaking trial
http://www.bbc.com/news/health-43458365
Amazon Has Considered Buying Some Toys ‘R’ Us Stores
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-19/amazon-is-said-to-have-mulled-acquiring-some-toys-r-us-stores
Both Facebook and Cambridge Analytica Threatened to Sue Journalists
https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20180318/00111439443/both-facebook-cambridge-analytica-threatened-to-sue-journalists-over-stories-cas-use-facebook-data.shtml
Google News Initiative
https://newsinitiative.withgoogle.com/
Debugging Behind the Iron Curtain (2010)
http://archive.is/O70Rg
The ability to correct errors in GPLv2 compliance: the right thing to do
https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/ability-correct-errors-gplv2-compliance-right-thing-do
The Army’s costly quest for the perfect radio continues
https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2018/03/the-armys-costly-quest-for-the-perfect-radio-continues/
Salesforce in advanced talks to buy MuleSoft – sources
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mulesoft-m-a-salesforce-exclusive/exclusive-salesforce-in-advanced-talks-to-buy-mulesoft-sources-idUSKBN1GW24N?feedType=RSS&feedName=businessNews&utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=Social&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+reuters%2FbusinessNews+%28Business+News%29
Diaphragmatic Breathing Exercises and Your Vagus Nerve (2017)
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/the-athletes-way/201705/diaphragmatic-breathing-exercises-and-your-vagus-nerve
In Search of God’s Perfect Proofs
https://www.quantamagazine.org/gunter-ziegler-and-martin-aigner-seek-gods-perfect-math-proofs-20180319/
Breaking the Ledger Crypto Wallet Security Model
https://saleemrashid.com/2018/03/20/breaking-ledger-security-model/
Reflections on founder mental health, coaching, a decade after losing my mom
http://initialized.com/zero-lives-remaining-reflecting-on-the-last-10-years-since-losing-my-mom
Show HN: Word2Bits – Quantized Word Vectors
https://github.com/agnusmaximus/Word2Bits
Utterly horrifying: ex-Facebook insider says covert data harvesting was routine
https://www.theguardian.com/news/2018/mar/20/facebook-data-cambridge-analytica-sandy-parakilas
Types, and Why You Should Care [video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0arFPIQatCU
The NSA Worked to “Track Down” Bitcoin Users, Snowden Documents Reveal
https://theintercept.com/2018/03/20/the-nsa-worked-to-track-down-bitcoin-users-snowden-documents-reveal/
Facebook’s Surveillance Machine
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/19/opinion/facebook-cambridge-analytica.html
SpaceX indicates it will manufacture the BFR rocket in Los Angeles
https://arstechnica.com/science/2018/03/spacex-indicates-it-will-manufacture-the-bfr-rocket-in-los-angeles/
N26 raises $160M from Tencent and Allianz
https://techcrunch.com/2018/03/20/n26-raises-160-million-from-tencent-and-allianz/
Toxic management cost an award-winning game studio its best developers
https://www.theverge.com/2018/3/20/17130056/telltale-games-developer-layoffs-toxic-video-game-industry
The Brown One, the Honey Eater, the Shaggy Coat, the Destroyer (1998)
http://www.charlierussellbears.com/LinguisticArchaeology.html
Frivolous, Empty, and Perfectly Delightful
https://www.claremont.org/crb/article/frivolous-empty-and-perfectly-delightful/
How Twitch Learned to Make Better Predictions About Everything (2017)
https://hbr.org/2017/05/how-our-company-learned-to-make-better-predictions-about-everything
The Master of the Murder Castle (1943)
https://harpers.org/archive/1943/12/the-master-of-the-murder-castle/?single=1
Zuckerberg summoned to House Of Commons inquiry
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43474760
Decoding Parkinson's: Scientists Aim to Put All the Clues on One Map
https://undark.org/article/decoding-parkinsons/
What is wrong with variational autoencoders?
http://akosiorek.github.io/ml/2018/03/14/what_is_wrong_with_vaes.html
Sudan, last male northern white rhino, dies in Kenya
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-43468066
